 Auth model: STDB built-in vs SpacetimeAuth vs custom?

	STDB's built in is slick, but I'm not sure what you're asking here... I mean we'll probably want users to give us an email at least... using pure stdb for user login with no waiting and no login would be cool but... weird? We need more info tied to the users in case they have problems, so at LEAST an email and probably a bit more. If we're just one steam we could and maybe would use their steam ID? That's got a layer of security already in it I imagine and they'd be handling the payments anyway?

 How to handle game time? (Scheduled reducers interval?)

	like the server clock? I do not know. I'm old. I have always always had a "tick" in my main loop. XD

 Asset pipeline for AI-generated art?

	Ok this is a fun project of its own... I imagine building some tools would help immensely. we can maybe use api calls directly? use command like image altering / splicing / sheeting tools, etc. (imageMagick? some name like that CLI image stuff very famous). Scoot completed power of 2s into wherever they need to go folders-wise, and then build whatever godot needs to consider them a thing (resources type of script? I forget). This way you could generate lots of variety for the basic stuff, like... variations on sheep sprites.. or flowers... etc. Different colored pots or walls or furnitures? hair? faces? anyway, yes. Pipeline is a good project. Put tooling this on the list asap

 Testing strategy? (Unit tests in Rust, integration tests how?)

	I don't know how to do any of that. You tell me what we need and we'll get it sorted. Do we need HUMAN help is the emergency -- if not then we'll sort it out with tooling and make a pipeline for this as well. Solid testing suite would be very good though. regression tests and things. When we get to an alpha I can recruit free QA-types. At least a few.

 CI/CD setup? (GitHub Actions?)

	 dunno what CI/CD means, but yeah. I don't mind the idea of a single monohub for client and server but I'm open to changing my mind if there are reasons. I guess separation of concerns and languages is maybe enough reason... Dunno what you're saying about github actions but you've walked me through setting those up in the past for a deploy of a website any time the github was updated it would pull the new files up and do things and they'd go live via actions.

-------------

Next actions list:

Spike Interest Management test. OK I think I see what you're calling interest management above in the tech doc. There's actually a good bit of informatino about this thanks to bitcraft, and I can either let you do a full rearch-paper run on it yourself or I can try to go cherry pick you information to help. They did hexagon tiles but their map zones were square... something like... a mile? in simulation. 3/4 mile?  And yeah when you crossed the boundary to the next zone you could get some pop-in as it brought you new information about the neighbors beyond the one you just entered, so I believe they were keeping the player subbed to all 8 around the player and the one they were in. Our game, however... doesn't have a camera that can see far off into the distance... so really we can likely bring this down something like so:


everything good in the space you are in.

some distance from any other zone's edges, if you are heading toward them they would queue up subs and gather the data at the ready or just send it for the client to hold at the ready

if you are moving away from the edge in a range it would start letting go of subs one by one maybe based on importance to visual effect if you were to turn around and dash back over the line... (player locations, trees, whatever would not have been let go yet, but if they were they'd sub first... etc.

the server might be able to selectively not send individual times for a given subscription? will have to explore this. there's a lot you can do subtly but a lot of it probably involves a distance check, which is expensive.

it is true though that too many subs coming in at once makes the game stutter (bitcraft) -- but I think they had a lot more to show due to the camera viewing to the horizon.

with a zelda snes cam you probably are ok just loading in the surrounding 8 for map stuff and players, anything visible or functional (poison clouds or something? enemy spawn triggers with timers?) perhaps lines can be drawn to trigger the loading of the contents *inside* of chests so they don't have to all be subscribed to if you're just walking past an alley with a chest down at the end of it. (these are the distance calc ones.. easy to figure out but might be a lot of them)

is it too much information if people pile together? hm. likely not - especially if interaction is limited for large events? Like turning off user inventory useing and swapping and trading of items would prevent all of the people from subscribing to what all of each other have on them, for instance. If you can't fight there's no need to know the damage they can do, etc. just get their looks and their physics and their chat bubble.

definitely prevent any subscription that chains to another player or loops back to themselves and other edge cases

--

now how are we going to TEST such a thing? Just make some bot players, I imagine to throw network requests around like little simulated maniacs?

while testing all of this is listed as next actions pre milestone 0 I've got to disagree on that one. Playable prototype is more needed than making sure this part will work, unless there is real fear that it might NOT work. I don't see any reason to believe that it couldn't be made to work fine for the number of players we are considering to be near one another on average at least, and possibly even with extremes. If it's playable sooner than later we can adjust game design to expectations if we find out that a server won't handle 5000 and we should aim for 1000, say. Either way we're going to need player controls is all I'm sayin'. I'll make a single player game if I gotta.

---
